DOC: `dvc import` can access non-DVC Git repositories (#900)
iterative/dvc.org: public/static/docs/command-reference/import.md

# import

Download a file or directory from any Git or <abbr>DVC repository</abbr> (e.g.

> hosted on GitHub) into the <abbr>workspace</abbr>. This also creates a

Reviewer: Let's just copy from https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/get:

`Download a file or directory from any <abbr>DVC project<abbr> or Git repository (e.g. hosted on GitHub) into the current working directory.`

usage: dvc import [-h] [-q | -v] [-o [OUT]] [--rev [REV]] url path

positional arguments:

>   url         URL of DVC or Git repository to download from.

Reviewer: Is this from an actual change in the code? I don't see it in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/3020/files. Please notice this new issue, BTW: iterative/dvc/issues/3077

Author: The change is that the Git repository no longer needs to have a '.dvc' project subdirectory.

Reviewer: Right. I mean that `dvc import -h` doesn't say what you entered up here. (Just checked on the latest version, `0.80.0`.)

> Feel free to implement, BTW (iterative/dvc/issues/3077, stemming form your previous PR on that repo 🙂 )

Author: https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/3077 is now closed so I guess this thread can be resolved.

Reviewer: Just noticed this. Yes, it seems version 0.82.0 (just out) does use this text. Thanks

  path        Path to data within DVC repository.
```

## Description

DVC provides an easy way to reuse datasets, intermediate results, ML models, or
other files and directories tracked in another Git or <abbr>DVC
repository</abbr> into the workspace. The `dvc import` command downloads such a
<abbr>data artifact</abbr> in a way that it is tracked with DVC, so it can be

> updated when the data source changes. (See `dvc update`.)

Reviewer: We can also base it on https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/get#description:

`Provides an easy way to reuse datasets, intermediate results, ML models, or other files and directories tracked in any <abbr>DVC repository</abbr>, both by Git (e.g. source code) or DVC (e.g. datasets, ML models). The `dvc import` command downloads such a file or <abbr>artifact</abbr> in a way that it is tracked with DVC, so it can be updated when the data source changes. (See `dvc update`.)`

Author: I changed the wording here; what do you think of the new wording now?

Reviewer: Thanks. Just one more comment: https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/900#pullrequestreview-339476045

> <abbr>data artifact</abbr> in a way that it is tracked with DVC, so it can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file or <abbr>artifact</abbr> in a way that it is tracked with DVC, so it can be
```

Reviewer: Because the tooltip that comes up for "data artifact" says:

```
Any data file or directory, as well as intermediate or final result (such as
extracted features or a ML model file) that is under DVC control. Refer to
[Versioning Data and Model Files]
(/doc/use-cases/versioning-data-and-model-files) for more details. A.k.a
**output*.
```

and we're not only talking about stuff under DVC control.

Reviewer: I tried fixing this myself but I don't have permission to push to your branch. For future ref: feel free to allow maintainers of the repo to push to your PRs, it may save some time for small things like this 🙂

Author: I tried to change this 'allow edits from maintainers' checkbox was already checked; I don't know what the problem was

Reviewer: Just noticed this. Thanks no worries it seems actually there's not many changes left in the PR after merging with `master` anyway. Thanks though!
